Crowdstrike OpenAPI: Fixed the the cs-download-sensor-installer-by-id command (#27655)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeOpenAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_0_16.md

#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike OpenAPI (Beta)

> - Fixed an issue where the ***cs-download-sensor-installer-by-id*** command was not download the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***cs-download-sensor-installer-by-id*** command failed.
```
